welcome to the 1-minute apollomon
topologists apologetic seeks to give
credible answers to curious question to
give a defense
what's with Ezra 10 the other day I was
reading Ezra 10 for my devotional and
boy my devotional kind of just shifted
into a what's this all about kind of
moment you ever had that when reading
the Bible well this is what takes place
here in Ezra 10 Chicana comes to Ezra
and says listen you need to grab all the
Jewish men and tell them to go and
divorce their wives that aren't a part
of the Jewish people what had happened
is is the Jews were picking up wise from
the surrounding nations now first of all
we need to remember that that was
already forbidden by God they were
warned not to take wise from the
surrounding nations so by taking wives
they were already rejecting God's way
and choosing to take life into their own
hands secondly we need to remember that
God does indeed hate divorce in Malachi
2:16 we know that God says I hate
divorce he doesn't hate the divorce II
he just hates what divorce causes so
it's not like God was excited about this
mass divorce opportunity for the Jewish
people here 3rd 2nd ayah you know in
going to Ezra he could have been wrong
maybe Ezra should have avoided his
advice now the Bible doesn't say that
but it's plausible fourth when we look
at this moment of divorce where the
Jewish men do indeed go and divorce
their women we need to realize that the
situation was perhaps so dire that had
this not taken place the Jewish nation
would have lost their identity all
together not only that when the Jewish
men would have went to their wives they
could have adopted the Jewish beliefs as
well so they didn't have to walk away in
this kind of way then finally I would
want to say that though the Bible
doesn't give kind of the exit plan what
happened of the women that were going
away with the children
we can hopefully assume that these
Jewish men would have taken good care of
them sending them off with provisions if
not I would have think I would think
that they failed in an abysmal way so it
appears that this was a one-time
leniency act whereby God permitted for
this divorce to take place to spare the
Jewish nation but we keep in mind that
God does indeed hate divorce not the
divorcee but what divorce causes to
those who experience it
you